سینماتک www.30tk.ir
(GOATS BLEAT)
(DOGS BARK)
(RADIO BUZZING)
Michele?
(GOATS BLEAT. DOGS BARK)
(RADIO BUZZES)
Who the fuck's that?
(GRUNTS IN ALARM)
(PANTS)
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
(CRIES)
(EXPLOSION)
(PANTING AND GRUNTING)
Who is it?
Don Minu!
What happened. Don Minu?
-Let me in.
-Certainly. come in.
Take a seat. Sit here.
Under these conditions
I can't guarantee...
Giovanni. do what has to be done.
But... no anesthetic.
-With your heart condition?
-Ah!
-Well?
-There's a message from America.
Twenty-one days can be a long time.
The cops knew where I was.
Someone squealed.
I'll take care of it. Don Minu.
Don't worry.
It's all right. Don Minu.
take it easy.
Do it.
(SCREAMS)
(GUNFIRE)
Wait. wait!
Go. go!
Dad! Dad!
(Over radio): >Let's go.
(GRUNTS)
Are you okay?
Oh. God!
(TIRES SCREECH)
(CAR HORN HONKS)
(GUNFIRE)
Are you okay?
Stay down.
(SIRENS WAIL)
Okay. sit up. sit up. sit up.
(GRUNTS)
-You're ready to go. right?
-Yes. we are.
Hey! Hey. hey. hey!
Hey!
Chris!
(GRUNTS)
(Shouting): Chris!
You're all right. You okay?
Chris!
Fuck... Chris!
Keep going.
We're gonna call a doctor.
Chris!
-Okay.
-Sit down.
Chris! Chris!
Chris!
Where the fuck...
Dad!
(SCREAMS)
Dad...
Remember when we used
to sneak in here and stay the night?
We would laugh because you said
his hair looked like a penguin.
It did look like a penguin.
It used to stick up on both sides.
I've never spent the whole night
with anyone except you two.
His last words were for you.
He said it's time
you go in the family business.
It's time you play your part
and help me.
You know everything about boats.
You can do it. Chris.
Dad said you can do it.
He said you gotta stop living
for your sickness.
You're not a sick man. Chris.
(APPLAUSE)
I was eight when my mother started
showing symptoms of her disease.
Emma was only twelve.
And toward the end it went so fast
we watched her forget how to walk.
to speak.
to hold our hands.
But I was too young to understand
what was really going on.
why she cried herself to sleep
almost every night.
My mother died after
a horrible journey of suffering.
And from that moment on.
our father was there for us.
He taught us how to survive.
He made sure we picked ourselves
back up and kept fighting.
I always thought my father would...
would outlive me.
I thought that he would be
by my side when...
When my mother's disease
starts eating away at me too.
Well. you won't be by my side. dad.
"First rule. kiddos:
you come first and fuck the rest."
Thank you.
- Do you eat anything?
- I don't think so.
Fuck!
Emma? What is all this?
(In Italian):
It's a local custom in our country.
We leave doors and windows open
so the soul of the person
who lived there can leave.
We cover the mirrors
because if one of us
should be reflected
before the soul can leave the house.
that person will die.
(In Italian): Who are you?
Friends of your father's.
Why are you here?
To offer you our condolences.
-Is that all?
-As far as you're concerned. that is.
Your father has died
and this changes everything.
What does that mean?
We'll deal directly
with the shipment.
-That's not necessary.
-We want to meet your Mexican friend.
and ship the merchandise
under our supervision.
We put down large down-payment.
We need to get back that money.
We have made you
a lot of money in the past.
This time you have to accept this.
Price of doing business.
Our father's number one rule
is that buyers and sellers
are connected by brokers.
We are the brokers.
There'll be no introductions.
(In Italian):
You're pissing me off!
You hear me.
you're really pissing me off!
If I say don't talk. don't talk!
You two are nothing. Everything
you have you owe to... Look at me.
From this moment on
you'll do everything you're told.
No arguing. all right?
Stefano.
Okay?
(GRUNTS)
Certain things. among decent people.
shouldn't even happen.
But I don't want to bury you alive
in this nice garden.
You have to do the right thing. okay?
Call your friends and I'll call you.
See how scared they were?
First time that woman's ever met
a guy who put her in her place!
Your grandfather
will slice us open like pigs.
He doesn't have time to think about
us. he's on the run from the cops.
He has to count on me.
Your grandpa's got loads of friends.
What the fuck you gonna tell them?
We're taking the shipment.
We're looking for a new broker
and we need a little time.
That's precisely
what he doesn't have. time.
When the shipment doesn't arrive.
we'll see how many friends he has.
Revenge for our fathers.
-Marnie?
-Yes. Miss Linwood?
I wanna place a second obituary
for my father.
this time in "L'eco della Calabria".
(PHONE BUZZES)
Hello. I'm listening.
Hold on a second.
>Okay. I'll see you there.
- I'm meeting them at the Da Mimmo's.
- I'll come with you.
No. you stay here.
If I'm not back in an hour.
call the police.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER IN ITALIAN)
(SILENCE)
Hi.
What's the meaning of this?
As our father used to do.
I wrote to your grandfather.
I told him that my brother Chris will
escort the load from start to finish.
My brother. Lynwood blood.
My father's male heir.
Don Minu accepted. he understands
that our company is the safest.
especially given the large warranty.
Mister Salvage will be the captain.
He can give you the details.
I'm glad we could find a way
to continue our working relationship.
I told him it's us or nothing.
You're head of the company
and travel with the cargo.
You leave tomorrow.
From the port of Tampico. Mexico.
Don't let my garden die.
Chris. I did not insist
because I respect your decision.
But like I said to Emma...
I really don't think
you should be onboard.
My father wants me here.
It's all that matters.
(PLAYING "LET'S GET LOST"
ON HEADPHONES)
(HELICOPTER PASSING OVERHEAD)
(TIRES SCREECH)
Don't lose sight of them!
We got 'em!
(SIRENS WAIL)
Fucking sons of bitches!
Get out. asshole!
Close that fucking door!
Get away from there! Let's go!
You helped the Leyras escape.
sons of a bitch!
(SCREAMS)
(CAR HORNS HONKING)
The bodyguards are dead.
Leyra's lawyer too.
Move on. There's nothing to see here.
Keep moving!
Let's go! Keep moving!
It's for your own safety.
keep moving.
I am a few meters away from the area
where today a man fleeing
the armed forces on board a vehicle
decided to continue on foot through
this shopping area with a weapon.
A firefight ensued
and a young schoolgirl was killed.
caught in the crossfire.
>For now reports indicate
that she was shot to death
with rounds fired by soldiers who
were trying to stop the alleged...
Holy fuck. they're saying
that it's all our fault.
They'll always say it's our fault.
>This is not the first time
an innocent Mexican citizen
has unfortunately fallen victim
to brutal army tactics.
It's always the same story
and it always will be.
We're meat to be butchered.
we're a pain in the ass.
When we're not useful anymore
they'll dump us in the trash.
Anyway today.
we totally nailed it. right?
- Right.
- We deserve a nice big reward.
Look what I found.
This is an advance on our pension...
Li'l brother!
Thanks. boss.
-Moko...
-All right.
That's it!
I'll leave yours here. man.
And me?
Dammit. Gordo...
none for you. pal.
I wanted to see if you were
paying attention. asshole. Here.
Full steam ahead...
You all know this jewel. don't you?
Xiuhcoatl.
The first assault rifle
manufactured in Mexico.
designed especially
for Mexican soldiers.
I think it's for us...
It's never let me down.
They trained us for war.
The only law
that truly counts in war
is that your brothers
have to stay on your side...
and the enemy has to face you.
-Isn't that right. Moko?
-Full steam ahead!
I'm with you. sergeant.
I swear.
But I don't want money
from the fucking narcos.
Oh...
Pick up your gear.
- Get rid of this.
- Okay.
(Singing):
Mexicans. at the cry to war
Make ready the steel and the bridle
And let the earth tremble
at its center
At the resounding roar of cannon
And let the earth tremble
at its center
At the resounding roar of cannon...
Sergeant!
The captain wants to speak to you.
Watch out. the boss is pissed.
He's asking a lotta questions.
-Sergeant León. captain.
-Come in. sergeant.
-I'm very concerned.
-Why. captain?
My children.
I don't want to see them
grow up in this cesspool.
You saw what happened
at the restaurant yesterday.
Yes. captain.
Did someone warn them?
Did you see anything strange?
No. captain.
But someone's playing dirty.
And I can't trust you or anyone else
until the mole's flushed out.
If I don't find out
who the mole is right now.
I'll request that everybody
be replaced.
-Is that clear?
-Clear!
I don't suspect anyone.
they're my brothers.
Yes. but you have to understand me.
I cannot have a spy in my squad.
You can go.
Thank you.
There's a lot of pressure
about the little girl.
Varas has never been easy. but now
he's a bigger asshole than ever.
Stick that pressure
up your ass. dickhead.
If they hit them.
it's because of your fuck-ups.
And the Leyras were saved by a miracle.
But you're all right. aren't you?
With your guts in the right place.
Now listen up.
The Leyras have a ship that has
to sail. no two ways about it.
You got me?
They care a lot
about this shipment. you understand?
Got it?
-Got it.
-Good.
Now go. and stick to your captain
like you're his underwear.
You're going to be glued to him.
asshole.
Varas knows
someone's leaking information.
We have to give him a snitch.
I need a hand.
You have to sacrifice
two of your men.
And they don't have the money
to buy a Bible! Hallelujah!
Glory to God!
Let's raise our hands
and sing to the Lord.
(Singing):
Lord. you show me the way
To follow you is the best thing
Because you show me the way
You show me the light
If I am lost. Lord
When I don't know what to do...
You show me the light
Following you is the best thing
Because you're inside me
>You show me the light
>If I am lost. Lord...
>Glory to God!
>Let us praise the Lord.
Let us thank Him for His Light.
(MOANS)
-Wanna go to the party?
-No.
-No?
No. I'm tired.
I'm going to get a beer
with my brother.
-All right. but don't be long. okay?
-I won't. baby.
- Don't be long.
- I won't.
A kiss.
(MUSIC PLAYING IN THE DISTANCE)
-'Sup?
-Yo. dickhead! 'Sup?
-All good?
-Yeah. man.
(MUSIC)
Hey. guys!
'Sup. staying awesome?
Lemme check it out!
(MUSIC)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
(Over hearphones): >Glory to God!
(PEOPLE SCREAMING IN THE DISTANCE)
(Over headphones):
>The sin of believing we are better.
the sin of believing
we are indispensable.
the sin of believing my will is mine
and not the Lord's...
>There is no comparable sin.
>And when a man seeks to compete
with God. that man will lose.
>And what does compete with God mean?
>To believe that your will is yours.
to believe that your life is yours...
>Believing that you've managed
to get something
behind the Lord's back...
>It's as if the chess king
believed he were more important
than the other pieces.
Bunny!
>He who sees himself
as a good Samaritan
is someone who believes
he must always help.
>At times you have to help.
at times you have to be helped.
>It is more difficult to renounce
pride in order to be helped.
(TV): >Last night.
in the busiest nightclub
in this Monterrey neighborhood
all hell broke loose.
>Shortly after the attack.
three bodies were found hung
from a bridge south of Monterrey.
>Two of them are members
of the cartel.
the other was
a special forces soldier.
>The message shows that the soldier
was working for the cartel.
>The reputation of the special forces
is plummeting...
I'm sorry.
I know it's not easy.
I know you loved that asshole.
But he was the mole. Vampire.
(TV): >The identities
of the attackers are still unknown.
but the police believe
this shocking incident
may be linked to a war
among organized-crime cartels.
>The death toll stands at five
with twenty wounded.
but this figure is likely to rise
when investigations
are conducted at the scene.
>We will keep you updated
on developments as they come in...
Listen. Boss. the way I see it.
that little shit.
if they hadn't taken him out.
he would have turned himself in.
No. the kid was always one of us.
I'll only say this:
that little shit didn't take
the money like I did.
so no way he would have taken
a bullet for me.
But in the end
he took a bullet for us. didn't he?
We mustn't forget that. right?
Come with me.
They took one of the Leyras' guys.
- I need to speak to your captain.
- Yes. sir.
Captain.
We're fighting against the Leyras.
Your guest might give us
some precious information.
If you'd allow me.
I'd like to interrogate him.
Come in.
>I can not search the whole ship!
I need a number!
>I said what's the container number!
(SCREAMING)
Call the squad. we'll meet up
outside in five minutes.
Remember when they said that this gun
is joined to our heart on one end.
and to our cock on the other?
And when your cock gets hard.
it's gotta shoot.
Tonight's the night.
We're gonna decide
where it's pointing.
(Over radio): >Let's go!
Clear the ship
and hold the whole crew!
You. climb up there.
Open that one.
Hurry up!
Open those cans.
What are you standing there for?
Come on. we have to take
this fucking ship into the port.
Open it.
The fuck are you waiting for?
Didn't you hear?
This ship will maintain
its current course.
We'll be well compensated for this.
(GRUNTING)
God knows what I'm doing.
Vampire to Fly. Vampire to Fly!
(Over radio):
>Fly to Vampire. copy that.
>I have two men down.
repeat. two men down!
-Send backup!
>Copy that.
>Backup on the way.
-Let's go.
Let's go!
I can't guarantee my captain
didn't alert his superiors about you.
I assume you'll be tracked.
I suggest you turn off the GPS
and your communications.
Change the route. Okay?
Okay.
Gentlemen. may God be with you.